Add setup troubleshooting (#193)
alphagov/govuk-docker: README.md

You should then be able to `govuk-docker build` your service and have confidence you're not suffering from configuration drift.

### How to: resolve setup issues

The following sections resolve common installation issues.

#### How to: update Ruby

Update Ruby using [brew](https://brew.sh/), then add it to the PATH in your bash config.

```

> brew install ruby

Reviewer: The preferred way is to use `rbenv` to manage Ruby versions. With `rbenv`, an `rbenv install` in the root of the repo will install the version of Ruby specified in [`.ruby-version`](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-docker/blob/master/.ruby-version), which is probably different (ie older) than the latest provided by Homebrew.

echo 'export PATH="/usr/local/opt/ruby/bin:$PATH"' >> ~/.bash_profile
```

Restart your terminal, or use `source ~/.bash_profile` to activate the new Ruby version; you can check that you have the new version using `ruby -v`.

#### How to: install bundler

To install [bundler](https://bundler.io/), first find out the required version (in X.Y.Z format) from [Gemfile.lock](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-docker/blob/master/Gemfile.lock) - it will be listed as:

```
BUNDLED WITH
    X.Y.Z
```

Install the correct version of bundler; you may have to overwrite existing bundle and bundler executable conflicts.

```
gem install bundler:X.Y.Z
```

#### How to: resolve issues caused by an existing docker install 

> During `govuk-docker setup`, if get the follow errors when pouring `docker-compose`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During `govuk-docker setup`, if you get the following errors when pouring `docker-compose`:
```

```
Error: The `brew link` step did not complete successfully
The formula built, but is not symlinked into /usr/local
Could not symlink bin/docker-compose
Target /usr/local/bin/docker-compose
already exists. You may want to remove it:
  rm '/usr/local/bin/docker-compose'

To force the link and overwrite all conflicting files:
  brew link --overwrite docker-compose

To list all files that would be deleted:
  brew link --overwrite --dry-run docker-compose

Possible conflicting files are:
/usr/local/bin/docker-compose -> /Applications/Docker.app/Contents/Resources/bin/docker-compose
```

and when pouring `docker`:

```
Error: It seems there is already an App at '/Applications/Docker.app'.
```

Then uninstall your existing docker, and restart the `govuk-docker setup` process to install a new version of docker using brew.

#### How to: resolve `No such file or directory` errors for `dev.gov.uk`

> If you get the following error during `govuk-docker setup`:

Reviewer: There's a PR to fix this error fully at #160, but these docs are good for now. 👍

The following sections resolve common installation issues.

#### How to: install/update Ruby

> Follow the instructions to install [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv#installation) using [brew](https://brew.sh/). 

Reviewer: We can replace this sentence with `brew install rbenv` in the code block below, I think.

I'm tempted to also suggest adding it to the [Brewfile](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-docker/blob/master/Brewfile), but that only runs on `govuk-docker setup` and if you're in this section then I assume that `govuk-docker` isn't running at all.

Author: There's a few additional steps after `brew install rbenv` to complete installation, including setting up `rbenv` in the shell with an added line for `.bash_profile`, and then running the rbenv-doctor script to validate install.

Can add these all to the code block if appropriate?

Reviewer: Now you mention all those steps, I'm going to say let's stick with your original suggestion of following the `rbenv` README. We don't want to duplicate every instruction.

Author: Thanks - have fixed-up branch, and will merge in PR.
